{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;\red38\green38\blue38;\red247\green77\blue7;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18240\viewh16940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Homepage\
\
The Saint Lawrence\
Cajun French Fusion Restaurant\
\
Bonjour! The Saint Lawrence welcomes you to relax in our elegantly appointed dining room where we can tease your palate with seasonally fresh delicacies that combine the best of Cajun yet refined with a French flair.\
\
What\'92s Cajun French Fusion?\
Cajuns\'97Fun-loving Acadians from Nova Scotia who settled in the south in the 19th century\'97are known for their pleasure-lovin\'92 nature and joy of living. They like excitement in life, and food is no exception. When they settled in the south, they created their own rustic style of eating known as Cajun, using local ingredients to create meals. We\'92ve taken this to heart by sourcing the freshest ingredients directly from local organic farms and suppliers. \
\
Ironically, Cajun cuisine first developed out of necessity. The Acadian refugees were pretty broke after their British expulsion. So they settled in the U.S. and learned how to live off the land and adapted their native French rustic cuisine to local ingredients including rice, sugar cane and the bounty provided by the sea. Traditional Cajun cuisine grew from of supplementing rice with whatever meat, game or other proteins were available to serve their large families. Adding some zest and excitement to basic ol\'92 seafood became the Cajun trademark. If you\'92ve never been down south before, experiencing the Cajun culture is like no other experience you\'92ll ever have.\
\
We believe that food is a treat for all the senses. Here at The Saint Lawrence we have elevated traditional rustic food into a visual feast as well as a gastronomic one. We lean heavily on our French influence by offering a daily menu of three-course lunch and dinner options. \
\
We believe your meal with us should be a luxurious experience from the first moment you are graciously greeted at our door to the last delicious morsel. We encourage you to step in, sit down and enjoy your time with us. \
\
\
Our Restaurant\
\
The Saint Lawrence is here to delight all of your senses. We believe it is in true partnership with all our producers and growers, fish mongers and wine merchants that we are able to offer you the best in fine wine and cheeses, exquisite vegetables, free range meats and of course, seafood! We wouldn\'92t be Cajun without our seafood! \
While you peruse our 400 bottle wine list you will be treated to a live jazz trio each evening. We\'92ll tempt your appetite with special wine and cheese pairing menus. All set among the finest silver, the sparkliest crystal and the whitest of linens. \
\
The Saint Lawrence is nestled in a secluded garden in the heart of New Orleans. Once a tycoon hideaway mansion where Hollywood celebrities would mingle with the Who\'92s Who list of New Orleans, it has been our pleasure to call this home for the past 8 years. We can fully accommodate your party, no matter the size. Be sure to check out our Special Occasions page for more information.  \
\
You and your guest are free to wander among the lush gardens and lawns, visiting the koi fish ponds and our free-roaming peacocks among the magnolia trees.  We take as much care tending to our gardens as we do with each dish we create. \
\
\
Special Occasions \
\
Our garden mansion can accommodate any size party from 2 to 2,000. Whether you wish to celebrate an anniversary with your loved one, a milestone birthday or your wedding, The Saint Lawrence can create the mood and atmosphere you\'92re looking for. We offer in-house event planning services to assist you in every step of the way to create the celebration of your dreams. Contact us directly at special@thesaintlawrence.com for pricing and availability.\
\
We feature a live jazz trio nightly for your listening enjoyment and on Sunday mornings we have a local jazz singer and piano duet to spice things up. Each holiday we like to celebrate in the way that only New Orleans knows how, so check back regularly for special menus and events.\
\
Mardi Gras\
\
Every year for Mardi Gras we let our hair down and really show New Orleans how to celebrate. Expect nothing but the finest and insanely decadent and delicious creations. We also encourage our guests to partake in the world-famous medieval tradition of wearing colorful masks and beads during Mardi Gras while listening to our own musically talented staff members performing a traditional New Orleans brass hall band show, playing twice nightly the week of Mardi Gras! \
\
We offer a special family style bayou menu during Mardi Gras complete with house-made andouille, crab and shrimp etouffee
\f1\fs20 \cf2 \uc0\u8206 
\f0\fs36 \cf0 , red beans and rice plus don\'92t forget the king cake! Join us for the most fun you\'92ll have all year. You\'92ll wonder why you visited anywhere else!\
\
\
\
Menu\
\
Appetizers \
Oysters and White Sturgeon Caviar\
House-Cured Gravlax, dill mustard sauce\
Forrest Grove Ranch organic Foie Gras with house made baguette and rosemary cracker bread\
Organic fruits and nuts\
Assorted French cheese\
Seasonal Salad - featuring fresh fruits and vegetables\
\
Entrees\
Sauteed filet of Pacific yellowtail, glazed petite turnips, Asian pear puree, garden greens and our own greenhouse mushroom bouillon\
Gulf Stream scallops, organic brussel sprouts and sweet carrots, Burgundy mustard and French green lentils\
Forrest Grove Ranch organic quail, celery root, potato trio\
Herb roasted Forrest Grove Ranch organic lamb, garlic pudding, arugula and parsnips.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Five Pepper-Crusted Filet Mignon, grilled asparagus, shallot sauce\uc0\u8232 Forrest Grove Ranch organic Duck, traditional French onion soup
\f1\b \
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trwWidth16000\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15880\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Dessert
\b \

\b0 Macaroons\
seasonal fruit\
in-house made ice cream
\f2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Our Macaroon Recipe:\
\
These are the finest macaroons west of Paris! You can try and make your own, but we can promise you it won\'92t be as good as our macaroons. Here\'92s a recipe for you to try and bake at home:\
\
The Saint Lawrence Macaroon\
\
INGREDIENTS:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf3 3 egg whites\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720
\cf3 1/4 cup white sugar\
1 2/3 cups confectioners' sugar\
1 cup finely ground almonds\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 DIRECTIONS:
\b0 \cf3 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 1.\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 2.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 Beat egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until whites are foamy; beat in white sugar and continue beating until egg whites are glossy, fluffy, and hold soft peaks. Sift confectioners' sugar and ground almonds in a separate bowl and quickly fold the almond mixture into the egg whites, about 30 strokes.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 3.\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 Spoon a small amount of batter into a plastic bag with a small corner cut off and pipe a test disk of batter, about 1 1/2 inches in diameter, onto prepared baking sheet. If the disk of batter holds a peak instead of flattening immediately, gently fold the batter a few more times and retest.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 4.\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 When batter is mixed enough to flatten immediately into an even disk, spoon into a pastry bag fitted with a plain round tip. Pipe the batter onto the baking sheet in rounds, leaving space between the disks. Let the piped cookies stand out at room temperature until they form a hard skin on top, about 1 hour.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 5.\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 Preheat oven to 285 degrees F (140 degrees C).\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat1 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth540\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15060\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadb160 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 6.\cf4 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf3 Bake cookies until set but not browned, about 10 minutes; let cookies cool completely before filling.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Contact Us:\
\
We look forward to your visit, we\'92re sure your first will not be your last.  
\f1 \cb5 Bon Appetit!
\f0 \cb1 \
\
The Saint Lawrence\
7557 St. Charles Avenue \
New Orleans, LA 70118 \
504-555-1234\
info@thesaintlawrence.com\
\
}